Draft for release post (#28)
secureCodeBox/documentation: blog/2020-10-16-release-of-securecodebox-version-2.md

:::caution

Please note that scanning random hosts may be illegal. Please scan only hosts you are responsible for and you are permitted to do this. Everything you do with the _secureCodeBox_ is completely your responsibility.

:::

If you miss something in our documentation or you think it is unclear or wrong described. Please feel free to file an [issue](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/documentation/issues). If you need any help with your brand new _secureCodeBox_ don't hesitate to contact us via [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/secureCodeBox), [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/securecodebox/shared_invite/enQtNDU3MTUyOTM0NTMwLTBjOWRjNjVkNGEyMjQ0ZGMyNDdlYTQxYWQ4MzNiNGY3MDMxNThkZjJmMzY2NDRhMTk3ZWM3OWFkYmY1YzUxNTU), E-Mail (securecodebox [at] iteratec [dot] com) or just file an [issue](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox) at GitHub.

## What's New in secureCodeBox v2

The big changes we did in the architecture of _secureCodeBox_ we we will discuss in a later post. For now I'll give you only a brief outline of the hottest key features:

- **Kubernetes bases orchestration of scans**: This means that we do not need the whole engine known from version 1.

> - **No UI anymore**: In consequence this means without the engine there is also no web UI anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No UI anymore**: In consequence, this means without the engine there is also no web UI anymore.
```

- **Cascading scans**: Now it is possible to feed the result of a scan into subsequent scans.

> - **Resource consumption**: Massive reduction of consumed CPU and RAM because scanners only run when tehy scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Resource consumption**: Massive reduction of consumed CPU and RAM because scanners only run when they scan.
```

> - **Stability and scalability**: At [iteratec](https://www.iteratec.com) we run approximately thousand scans in parallel against our infrastructure 😍

Reviewer: In parallel isn't really correct.

```suggestion
- **Stability and scalability**: At [iteratec](https://www.iteratec.com) we run approximately a thousand scans a day against our infrastructure 😍
```

## What about secureCodeBox v1

> Due to the fact of limited resources we can't afford the maintenance for version 1. So we are forced to announce the [sundown and end of life](/blog/2020/10/15/sundown-and-eol-of-version-1) for _secureCodeBox_ version 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the fact of limited resources, we can't afford the maintenance for version 1. So we are forced to announce the [sundown and end of life](/blog/2020/10/15/sundown-and-eol-of-version-1) for _secureCodeBox_ version 1.
```
